---
title: "Bell Badminton Club 2024/2025 Season"
subtitle: ""
date: 2024-09-05T21:13:49-04:00
draft: false
---

Hello Bell badminton shuttlers,

Hope everyone had a fantastic summer.  
The Bell Badminton Club 2024/2025 season will be starting on **<u>Friday, September 20, 2024 at 6:00 p.m.</u>**  
We play every Friday from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.; however, we kindly ask everyone to stop playing at 9:45 p.m. to help clean-up and to put away the equipment.

#### **<u>Cancellations</u>**
Please make note of the following cancellations where there will be NO badminton play:
- December 27, 2024
- January 3, 2025
- February 14, 2025
- March 14, 2025
- April 18, 2025.

The last day of play will be on May 30, 2025. This gives us 32 days of play.  
Our club is currently full and will not be accepting any more new members until further notice.

#### **<u>Guest Drop-Ins</u>**
For the first two weeks, there will be no guests drop-ins. Starting October 4, 2024, 3 guests will be accepted per night. The guest fee is $10 per drop-in. Guests are asked to contact **bellbclub@gmail.com** if they are interested to drop-in. Guests are only accepted after they receive a confirmation from the club to drop-in and their payment has been received.

#### **<u>Player Board</u>**
We will be introducing a new player board this year, which will encourage inclusiveness. This will provide a chance to players of all skill levels to play with each other to gain more experience and to further develop their badminton skills. The new board system will also ensure all members have games and are not left out. 

#### **<u>Scent Free</u>**

Bell Badminton Club fosters a scent free environment. Please do not wear perfume or any scented product as some members have scent allergies.

Looking forward to a wonderful playing season with everyone!

See you all soon,

Bell Badminton Club