---
title: "Bell Badminton Club News Update and 2025/26 Season Registration"
subtitle: ""
date: 2025-05-13 T14:23:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Hello Bell Badminton Shuttlers,

 

We can’t believe that the 2024/25 season is already coming to an end. Here are a few club updates including registration information for the 2025/26 season.

 

**<u>Last Day and Year-End Party</u>**
The last day of badminton is on May 23, 2025.

We will be having a pizza party with snacks and refreshments on May 23, 2025 during our regular play time to wrap up the season.

Pizza will be served at 7:30 p.m.
 

**<u>2025/26 Season Registration</u>**

Below is the link to the Google Form to complete member registration for the 2025/26 season.

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc0wK42bu3fIiCdm0QyxpR7nPzQ1CKGcPWQ6b4xzclAwMxuAw/viewform?usp=dialog

Time of play will remain the same (Fridays from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.).

Single membership fee is $80.

Family membership fee is $175.

Registration will be open to returning members until June 30, 2025. Starting July 1, 2025, we will open the registration to the public if there are any remaining spots available.

Payment can be made to **bellbclub@gmail.com**

Your registration will be confirmed once the form and payment are submitted.

We are creating a waitlist for new members that are interested in joining our club. If you know anyone interested, please have them send us an e-mail at **bellbclub@gmail.com** so we can add them to the waitlist.

 


**<u>Scent Free Environment</u>**

Friendly reminder that our club fosters a scent free environment as some members are allergic. Please refrain from wearing scented products to the club.

 

Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.

 

Thank you,

Bell Badminton Club